i have a account i did not want to begin with, and feel this is a very deceptive business practice just to apply for a credit card and then be denied.
our home was flooded in xx/xx/xxxx & we received checks to repair our home from xxxx with no problem, but we had to forward those checks to our mortgage company, which is loancare in xxxx.
navient is unwilling to help reduce loan payments to what is affordable for us.
equifax continues to report inaccurate information on my credit file which lowers my credit score.
my account is not delinquent and it seems outrageous to me that they would be charging me a fee for something they have no reason to do even though no one has ever come to my home to inspect anything from ocwen or anywhere else for that matter.
i have repeated asked central financial since xxxx of xxxx to provide verification of debt for {$100.00} that they are continuing to renew on my credit.
they are alleging that the vehicle purchased at the wrong address at the time there was a credit freeze and fraud alert on my credit report that i agreed to pay double for a vehicle with a sticker price of {$35000.00}.
i have been battling with statements/phone calls to the xxxx credit bureaus for the past four years.
bogus late fee charges  from navient student l oan.
after a year of on-time and high value payments on my account. i made a $ xxxx payment to my xxxx credit limit to provide a positive improvement to my credit profile and the bank immediately withdrew my credit limit of the xxxx and lowered my limit to $ xxxx almost instantaneously.
i now have a delinquent notice which i faxed to them yesterday and they can not confirm that our taxes will be paid, nor when they will be paid.
the regions insurance representative informed me that you at the cfpb write the letters and that they are the only letters that can be sent out.
i was told i did n\'t meet the requirements ( even though i paid my annual fee ) because i did n\'t make a purchase.
i am now in debt because of the the amount that i borrowed and the interest rate navient gave me.
according to information equifax shared with xxxx xxxx, not only was xxxx xxxx reinstated but my score went down xxxx points!
this benefit was taken away, and no refund of my fee has been offered.
i was a victim of identity theft and noticed a collection from harvest associates.
i tried to use contact information at experian.com/disputes to dispute xxxx claims.
i received a bill from xxxx xxxx for an account that i do not have with them.
on xxxx xxxx, xxxx i received a call form a lady pretending to be with the office of pretrial of investigation.